what manchester night and what we're
gonna a no we're gonna sell danny
welbeck to one of our vistas wide was in
arsenal
hey no it's surely not that's mental
that is mental no way that's happening
no no apparently it is it's being
reported there sixty million pound bid
has been accepted by Manchester United
from Arsenal for the services of Daniel
well Beck and I find it an atrocity to
be honest with you he's a top quality
English player international company the
United ranks is united through and
through I'm not happy about this
whatsoever I don't care if we slide
around a mile Falco we got rid of
frickin jabya Hernandez now we're
getting rid of Danny Welbeck not only
that Danny Welbeck
English you know it's a sad day when ask
them an arson finger Arsenal side at
that have a better core of English
players the Manchester look at all the
players Manchester might have produced
over the years English players we used
to produce them for far now look at us
and we're sending our best one you know
possibly to Arsenal it's unbelievable
I just can't get my head round it I made
16 million pounds is quite a decent
amount don't get me wrong it's what
Balotelli one-foot went for I assume it
you know it's a reasonable amount of
money for Danny Welbeck but I'm just
disappointed that we're selling him and
I understand the need to sell him I
think he's a good player you can play
out wide he's effective he works his
socks off for the team okay his
finishing is not world-class be slightly
chips him with goals here and their
hundred percent of what he brings to the
team is it more than makes up for that
so I'm disappointed I think it's a great
squad player to have around great
character always liked him Danny Welbeck
you know celebration just Danny oh and
now he's going to Arsenal welfare
peh-chu Arsenal for goats free you've
got yourselves a top-quality player I
think Carson Bengal will you know
helping progress with his career he's
still not old is he's relatively young
and I think you continue to do fantastic
well for club and country for the next
few years whatever club that may be so
it's a sad thing if it's true it's a sad
thing what do you think about it
sort out Woodward I mean you know you
brought Falcao in you see but now you've
got with it will become Hernandez it
just doesn't really make sense to me
especially when we need a centre back
and a cent mid as well as blend
unacceptable if there's dafuq got any
Arsenal fans have watch these videos let
me know what you think about well back
below do you think he's a good signing
for you but shocking anyway please give
this video a like subscribe to the
channel if you're not subscribed let me
know what you think about
anywhere joining arsal it's man